raw form. So they're not in tea bags per se, but they are just in a big pouch. Again, everything comes from the Andes and Amazon of the Ecuadorian region. So that's really our big differentiator. We have access to the indigenous communities. We're often in the jungle. And yeah, that's essentially our brand. So we essentially cater to people who are looking to heal from more of a holistic standpoint. So think things like, you know, teas, different forms of breeding, different forms of exercise, as well as modern healing modalities like Hyperbaric Chamber. We also host retreats here in Ecuador. So that is our, you know, in a quick synopsis, our brand. And what I am looking for is to revamp our website that is hosted on Shopify to have more of a modern appeal. I'm always trying to find a way to take our brand to the next level. Because when you look at the holistic space, not many people follow that route. And I always like to be a big differentiator. I just don't have the time to construct the website. Because I love learning. I'm a very creative person. I've been playing around with AI for quite some time. I just don't have the time because my focus goes into the other ins and outs of the business. So that's where I would need your help because I've seen your work, love the work that you do. I love the incorporation of the 3D motions that you incorporate onto the website. Something to know, our clientele, sometimes it's a little bit more laggard when it comes to navigating websites, let alone even just instructions. So that would be just my little bit constraint. I love the incorporation of the 3D motion, but making it a little bit more user friendly, if you will. Because some of our clientele are much on the older end. I mean, we do have a young gen, but then you have the clientele that are 45, 50, 55 and navigating a website can be a little bit troublesome for some of them. Because on social, I see it just back and forth communication, sending them a link, for example. Oh, where's the link? It's right there. Let me resend it again. So little things like that. So that's where I would kind of need your help, kind of redesigning the website. Oh, perfect. Perfect. I mean, it kind of just falls into our ball court. But that being said, again, I mean, I'll just ask you a few more questions. This call might go on for like 30 minutes, about that much, because again, I just want to know where we're currently at and what's going on with the current website and what you are looking for and how we can work together. And if you're the good fit, we'll take it forward. And that's kind of about it. So again, I hope that's perfectly fine. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Perfect. So when you said like, you know, you sell teas, I heard teas, like the one that you drink with water or milk. So is that all you sell or do you also sell anything apart from teas? Just digital products. So they would be e-books that are downloaded. So the physical, the tangible are the teas and then the non-tangible are digital products. Gotcha. Perfect. And who are your ideal customers or dream? Like what's your ICP? Like who are the people that actively purchase from you? The technically women, 75% of our audience are women and they range between the age of 25 and 50. But if we look at the micro analysis of that, it would be 30 and 40. But that is who our target audience is. Okay. Perfect. That makes sense. And walk me through how someone finds you today and where do they actually buy and stuff like that? Like what's the whole journey? Yeah. So people technically find us on social media because that's where we promote all of our products through various videos that we have when we're in the Amazon, when we sit down with healers, when we sit down with shamans, sharing informative videos of that nature. Everything is organic. We have never done any meta ads. And then from there, we utilize many chats and the link to whatever product it is that we're talking about. And then they finalize the execution on Shopify. Perfect. Perfect. And when you said social media, what exactly? So Instagram, YouTube. Yes. Instagram, Facebook. Those are the two that we're on. We have a bigger following on Instagram and then the secondary would be Facebook. We have a TikTok. That's where we started. But TikTok has gotten so wonky over the years that we don't really utilize it anymore. And I know we should because we have a big ass following on there too. But it's literally just me and my husband that kind of take care of everything. So we're very, very small business and we have a lot of demand. So that's why I can't concentrate on the website. So the big two are Instagram, secondary Facebook. Perfect. And roughly how many orders do we get a month from either of those? Yeah, it depends. Let's say like on a good month, over 200 orders. And then on a slower month that we're looking at right now, because we just moved to a different side of the country, you're looking at maybe 70 max. Okay. So it kind of just fluctuates between this upper limit and lower limit. So what's the average order value for your customers? Let's say about anywhere between 35 to 55. And then if they're international, you're looking in the hundreds. Gotcha. Gotcha. Gotcha. So yeah, this does make sense. And how long have you been running this business? Two years. Two years. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Okay. And do you actually have a percentage of people who land on your current website? Roughly what percentage of them actually buy in the end? Like we have a conversion percentage that okay, how many people jump on the website? That's a great question. I don't have that figure. My husband is the one that analyzes the numbers a little bit more than me. That's a good question. I should probably know that. Yeah, if I were to ask you, like, if you were to give me a ballpark, let's say 50%, 40%, exactly, because that will help me understand the current pace we are at. Let me see if I can quickly log into Shopify and get that figure, because that is a good question. Let's see. I mean, it's pretty important to know that because like, we're just losing a lot of money on the table if, let's just say, if 10%, 20% is a conversion, if you can ramp it up to 50%, that's like 100, 200 more orders every month. So yeah. Right. Yeah, let me see. Hmm. All right. If I'm looking at literally just this month, because I see the conversion rate from May 1st to 26, you're looking at 3,780 sessions and the conversion rate here was super low. It even says negative 15 from the last month. So you're looking at 2% conversion rate right now because we have been on active. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So negative 15. So I'm just going to assume because it's negative. Yeah. Probably last month it was a lot and then it fell down, which is why it went into the negative region. But I'm just going to assume it's going to be 10 to 15%. Let's just assume it's 10% on optimistically assuming. Let's just keep it on 10%. Yeah. I'm just going to like, okay, no, perfect. Yeah. So just a second. I'm just going to, I'm just actually going through the website to understand it a bit. So guarantees, I mean, when did you last update this website? If I, if I were to ask. Oh, I've had Shopify now for four years. We started selling digital products. So it was just digital eBooks for about two years. And then within the last two years we incorporated the herbs. So the current website theme, I want to say is about a year and a half old because it used to be another one that was, yeah. So it's been a year and a half since you actually did any major changes to the website? Yeah, I'd say so. There's been little minor updates here and there, but nothing like crazy that would consider it a facelift. I completely get that. And what are the key things that makes you different from your competitors or other people in this niche? Like, I mean, you told me it's organic, but anything apart from that? Oh, everything comes directly from the Andean and Amazon region of Ecuador. We are directly the ones sourcing it versus other people from the vast majority that I've analyzed and seen. Everyone either imports directly from Jamaica or is buying from the secondary market of other herbalists that are within the Mexico region or people who sell within the United States. No one fully concentrates on the Amazonian region, let alone, I don't see any other people going into the Amazon and showing them where their herbs are specifically coming from or how healers have been using them for hundreds of years. So that is what truly sets us apart from everyone else in the holistic space that concentrates on selling herbs. Perfect. Perfect. That does make sense. And do you have like a math on like, what's the customer acquisition cost? Like, what does it cost you? Let's just say, you know, get one customer. What's the customer acquisition cost? Say that, say that one more time. What's the customer acquisition cost? Like, what's the cost you incur to acquire one customer? Well, because we don't spend on ad or anything. Everything is just through organic content because we live so close to the jungle. It costs us nothing to get there. So I would honestly say zero. Now, if we're looking at how much it costs to maybe like put together an herb order, like just one, then I can give you a figure on that. But as far as acquiring a customer, zero. Now, if we allocate time to that, creating the content, then that would be a different number. And I don't know. I mean, the reason I ask that is because even though you're doing organic, right, you do have a lot of, you know, your production costs and, you know, editors and you have to pay. So again, but I'm just going to assume that it's going to be somewhere to the very, to the lower end of the spectrum. So yeah, I mean, that being said, so when a customer lands on a current website, what do you think they feel like? Do they trust it or do they bounce? I mean, what do you think about that? Well, the current state of it, it looks like, you know, a pretty average Joe website. I mean, the thing that probably would stand out would be some of the video reviews. But other than that, I mean, it just looks like any average Joe website where they do trust us and establish a relationship is when we interact with them on social media. And I mean, we have a pretty big following on Instagram and same with Facebook. So that's where we establish connections. And when we answer questions there, that's when a customer is more inclined to purchase versus just getting a link. They actually have that interaction with either myself or my husband. So from there, I'd say that's what really builds from landing on the website. I don't know, you know, it looks like any average Joe website. There's nothing there that really sticks out. Okay, perfect. And I mean, are you comfortable with, you know, how the website is converting at the current moment? I mean, I know the answer, but I'd still like to hear from you. Are you comfortable? Yeah. No, it could be better, you know? No, it certainly can be. That's why I asked. It's like, okay. So that being said, again, like, frankly, like how much revenue is coming through the website each month at the moment? How much revenue? Because right now it's so inconsistent. So here's the thing. Remember I mentioned we're hosting, we host retreats. We have our big one that's coming this August. So our main concentration was on that and not even selling herbs. That was a very high ticket sale. So our energies went on to that. So as far as if I could give you an average number from the last six months, on average, you're looking anywhere between six, five to eight. Gotcha. Gotcha. Six, five, six, five hundred. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Uh-huh. $600. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. We think we can improve this a lot. I mean, I'm just like looking at the, I mean, the vision is pretty aligned. So again, that's, that's perfect. And that being said, like, what's your, like 12 month goal with this business? Like, you have a 12 month goal that, okay, maybe I want to get this to, let's just say, $2,000 a month, $5,000 a month business. Do you have something like that in the mind or how is it? Oh, absolutely. If we were to look at not just herbs, herbs, digital, as well as the retreats, I'm hoping to get up to, not even hoping, that's an ugly word. I plan to get minimum 30,000 because again, the retreats are the high ticket sellers there. So that one definitely requires more energy. The herbs are great for like sustaining, you know, our everyday life. And then the digital products, we don't really promote much anymore. So they're kind of like a little side dish, if you will, or like a snack as I like to call it. So you're looking at $30,000. That's what I'm looking to generate minimum within the next 12 months. On a month to month basis, if I'm not wrong, right? Yeah, $30,000. Perfect, perfect. And again, if I may ask, what's your motivation of hitting that? Like, you know, if you got the site converting and, you know, you're making, let's say $30,000 a month. Again, what's your motivation onto hitting that number? Oh, the motivation would be just the, it's just getting back on, getting consistent with it again. Like I said, me and my husband spend a lot of time in the jungle. So now that we have moved to a different location in the country, that puts us a lot closer. We have easier access to go there. It used to take us an entire day to get there. Now we're an hour and a half away. So now that we've settled down, now that the move is done, we'll have that consistency now. The new environment that we're in is the motivation now. So we've settled in. So now it's really time to harness our energies and get things moving and flowing. And the ultimate motivation is finally establishing a family. We don't have kids. So we'd like to hopefully bring someone in next year. So they're the motivation right now. No, I mean, indeed. And like, again, just hypothetically, hypothetically speaking, you know, if you really crack this, and maybe the website's making you like $1,000 a month, sorry, $1,000 a day, $3,000 a month. So what would that look like day-to-day? Like, how would your life look like day-to-day if that actually, if you actually achieve that goal? How would my life look day-to-day? Like, like, like, like, yeah, and like, maybe personal, like, maybe a bit of both. Let's just say, you know, we have a business, which is already getting us $30,000. So how would your day look like? I mean, you know, you'll have more cash. But again, you described that. Right. Oh, well, with the new website converting, we potentially get into ads at that point to allow us to have more free time. So once the website and everything else goes back to consistency, well, once the website gets a facelift, once we're back on social media being consistency, once we're generating that certain figure, then that figure will prompt us into doing Facebook ads, because it does take a lot of energy from myself and my husband to, you know, be the only people that basically do the ins and outs of the entire business. And that would allow us a little bit more free time. So that would be the next stepping stone. So that's why I want to give this website a facelift. Because the minute we start doing ads, we want a more polished, presentable, you know, place for the people to arrive to something that stands out for them as well. No, that perfectly makes sense. So I mean, honestly speaking, you are also like, you know, you guys also hosting retreats and stuff like that. So is at the moment is the is the herbs business? Is it more on the sidelines, if I may ask? Or how is it like, how exactly is it? How are like managing both? It was it was it was because we were shifting a lot of things in our lives. So it kind of got put to a pause for a little bit. But now we're like I said, we're kind of hopping back on. Okay, that that certainly makes sense. So right now at the moment, I mean, the site's bringing us like $600 to $800 a month right now. And we want to get it to like, let's just say $30,000 a month. So tell me what's stopping you from just building the site yourself? Or just what's stopping you just to do this yourself? Like what's exactly is the hurdle for you at the moment? Time? Time? Yeah. Time. And that really anything else? Kind of like a little bit of a curving learning curve, I'm sorry. And kind of getting back and concentrating on the website when my energies could be dedicated to other things that we need to do to get back on to social media and being more consistent, such as creating content, scripting content, filming the content, editing the content. So all of that, I would place more primary for myself, since me and my husband are the face of the brand. And then that's why I'm like, you know what, I just can't, you know, if I could, I'd multiply myself into 10. But I can't. So it really just comes down to time and other priorities. Perfect, perfect, perfect. And that being said, I mean, also, that kept aside. So again, right now the website, I mean, it isn't pulling the way it's supposed to, right? I mean, it's just not doing as well as it's supposed to, the conversion rates are a bit low. So how is it like actually affecting you and the business or like, as I say, right now, the website is only converting $600 to $800 a month. So how is it like actually affecting you or the business? Maybe, you know, Yeah, no, I wouldn't say it's really affecting us. But it's good to have, it's good to have additional cash. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. No, I get it. And like, when do you want to get this, when do you want to get this facelift done from your perspective? Do you have a timeline, maybe next month, next week, or as soon as possible? When do you want to get this fixed? Yesterday. Okay. Yeah, as soon as I can, just because I like to move, move, move. But, you know, I'm also not like pressed to get it done, like today, but the sooner the better. There's no like, like it needs to be done. If I were to give it an absolute, I'd say before fall, because when Black Friday hits, those are insane for us. So I'd like for all of that to already be done, which gives us multiple months from now. But essentially, you know, the sooner the better, but I'm also not pushy about it. Yeah. Perfect. I get it. And what's like, what's the level of commitment you have to actually like, you know, get this, like, to like, get this happened and you want to make the website, like to make the website come alive? What's your level of commitment on a scale of one to 10? Like, how much do you want it? Oh, 20. Okay. Perfect. Just because it's like, sometimes I talk to people that like, I mean, we are okay with how it's going. Right. So that's, I just want to confirm on that front. But yeah, again, Raisa, I think with a lot of confidence, I can tell you that we can actually help you in this particular dilemma you're in. Would you like me to explain how? Yeah, please, please do so. Yeah. Perfect. Right. So we at RapidX, we just like help businesses like yours on the website, which is just sitting ideal at the moment into the one that actually converts and brings in revenue. Right. And honestly, we work with like clients like you. So people who have just established their brands to people who are doing like $10,000, $15,000 a month in revenue and with the goal of, you know, getting, increasing the whole conversion rates and, you know, getting them to the dream outcome, which is for you, it's $30,000 a month. Right. So that's sad. So the way it works is that we built a fully custom conversion focused website. I also remember you specifically said that you wanted video reviews, like you didn't have enough video reviews or something, something along those lines. Right. So what we also do is we use AI to make some super realistic review videos of your product, and we put them onto the website, kind of helping you get more conversion. And end of the day, what you're going to get is a fast, premium, mobile first website, because most of the people nowadays, they're all on mobile. So that's something that we have. Right. And yeah, that's the whole thing there. And the way to, the way we do it is that for, so I'll just take it to commercials right away. Right. So what we do is we charge a one time fee of $1500, in which we do a complete revamp of the website. And in that we also include SEO. So for example, you're selling in Ecuador, if you want to sell in USA, right. So we obviously do a SEO, a basic SEO for a month, where if anyone searches up for, let's just say your particular product, they'll find you. Plus, we'll also give you, let's just say an AI chatbot for the month. And we'll also do all the creatives on your website. So let's just say if you need to generate some images, if you want some photo shoots for your products, that all would be also, that all would be handled by our team. And long story short is you'll just get the completed website in a week or so. And then you can just start bringing in more, let's just say, bringing in more people onto the website, more traffic onto the website and just get more sales. That's kind of how we work. Okay. So you said the price is $1500 and the website is developed from there. And I'm assuming every step of the process, you would be messaging me like, hey, this is how this is looking like, what are your, you know, thoughts, changes? Yeah, 12 hours, 12 to 24 hours, we'll keep you posted. So it hardly takes us a week. On a, let's just say on a worst case scenario, maybe, you know, if a lot of revisions, two weeks at max, so in two weeks, you'll be getting, you'll get, you'll get 24 hour updates on whatever we are doing. So, hey, this part is done. What do you think about this? And that's how we'll work. Okay. And I guess my biggest question here is because this is hosted on Shopify, that is one of it, would that be a constraint? Would that be an issue? Would that be able to translate over to our Shopify store? So here's the thing. Okay. The website that we'll be building, it's going to be custom code. The reason being that if you're going to stick with Shopify themes, you're going to stick with the multiple websites on the internet. If you, you know, if you check out, let's just say any store, they're all using some, some variant of Shopify theme, right? So you can't just get that distinct, different vibe. Like, okay, this, my website is distinct from this person. And it just kind of mushes into the same Shopify-ish vibe. So what we do is we design the whole thing custom, like the whole front end is custom, but conveniently enough, the backend, it's Shopify. So in the backend, whatever products you add, you remove, that same thing gets reflected on the front end. So it's a front end, which is all custom coded. And the backend is based on Shopify. And that's the only, there's no, not such any constraint here. And the best part is that you can do, you can still do changes, but for the back, for the front end by the Shopify backend, and you can see the, you can see all the conversion rates. You can see whatever you're seeing right now on the current Shopify store, but with a better UI. So all the functionalities stay intact, just in short. Okay. Would there be some assistance kind of helping me set that up? Because that's where I become a little bit confused. It's all going to be, it's, it's all going to be done for you. So we'll do it from the very start of, you know, signing up and, you know, doing, let's just say, signing up, taking all the assets to, towards the end where you're like, Hey Raj, I'm happy. Everything's working as fine. It's all going to be, you know, it's a complete done for your service. So you don't even have to worry about anything. Okay. Okay. And let me see what other questions do I have? Yeah, I don't have any questions at the moment, but if I do, I think I'll email you or text you whatever works for you. Oh yeah. WhatsApp text works for me better because emails, I'm going to, yeah, I'm not a very big email guy. So I'm in India. We use WhatsApp a lot, but yeah, that's kind of about it. I mean, again, do you have any other questions or concerns? Um, no, not that I can think of right now. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. So yeah, I mean, what I could do is I can just drop you a proposal. And, uh, again, when, uh, I mean, whenever we want to start, so the way we work is that we have a 50% upfront. So we take like, uh, if it's $500, so it's $750 upfront and then we begin the process and then you'll pay all the rest after it's all done. So that's how we work. Okay. Perfect. There you go. You answered a question I had and forgot. All right. Um, oh, and how is paying? You can do Visa, MasterCard, or is it through Stripe? You know, like, yeah, any of your cards, debit card, credit cards, they all work. Uh, what I'll do is I'll just drop you like the full, um, the full proposal on WhatsApp. You can just have a look at that. And if you want to discuss with, you know, um, your husband or, uh, you know, if you want to like do some discussions, you can just, uh, do, I mean, again, uh, if, uh, like when can you like revert back to me on this? Okay. Yeah. Sounds great. Yeah. I'm definitely going to chat with him, um, and let him know because I've been playing around with it. He doesn't know that, you know, I scheduled a meeting with you. I literally found you yesterday and I was like, oh my gosh, I love his work. So yeah, he just got back from the gym, so I'll probably give him a rundown on that. But, um, I think I have asked everything that I had. And again, if I have any questions, I'll message you, but yeah, feel free to send me that proposal. If it's easier for you, WhatsApp, that's even better for me too. That way things don't get lost. Perfect. And again, if your husband has any questions, he can also jump on the call. I'd love to explain to him how we work and how we take things forward. But yeah, again, it was a pleasure having you on Risa and, um, I'll drop you the proposal and yeah, uh, we'll take it from there. Thanks a lot. Thanks Risa. I appreciate it. Thank you so much. All right. Have a good one. Yes. Have a good one. Thank you. Thanks Risa. I appreciate it. Thank you. Bye.
